Now let's look closer at Kinesis Data Firehose and the
transformations that it can do on the data before it sends
it along to its destination.
Now, there's a few limitations we need to know about
transformations with Kinesis Data Firehose.
The first is that it can only use AWS Lambda.
Now this means that it's bound by the same limitations of AWS Lambda functions,
both in terms of the length of time that Lambda functions can run and the
resource limitations that AWS Lambda functions are subject to.
So, certain memory limits and file size limits that it can
process are all things we're going to have to keep in mind
when processing our data.
Fortunately for us,
the maximum record size of 1000 KiB does already kind of
limit this for us. Now, because of this,
the Kinesis Firehose will automatically apply a smaller
buffer size limitation to our data.
Specifically,
it'll have a 3 MB buffer size to make sure that Lambda
can process our data without having to run over time and
timeout in a Lambda function.
So what are some of the ways that Lambda processes our data when
we're using them with Kinesis Data Firehose? Well,
it'll have a few different transformation states,
depending on how effectively it works.
It might have an Ok status, which indicates that it's processed a
record correctly, and any record could end up in an Ok status, but
it could also end up in a Dropped status,
which means that we looked at the record using Lambda, and for whatever reason,
maybe the data was irrelevant to the things that we were trying
to do and aggregate in our Kinesis delivery stream, we might've
dropped the record intentionally.
And then Lambda will tell the Kinesis delivery Firehose that it did
this on purpose so it doesn't think it's an error.
Now, we could also fail to process a record, and this means that
we could send the failure to S3 for processing later or to
review it in a little bit more detail.
So now that we understand some of these states and the way
that we're going to process some of this data with Lambda and
using Kinesis delivery Firehose,
let's visualize some transformations for a bunch of different scenarios.
First,
let's mention that we have a data source with some
data in it and a Kinesis Firehose.
Now, we might send the data from that data source over to the
Kinesis Firehose, and then from there, it would go into the buffer
where we might have a buffer interval or a buffer size that limits
how much can be sent in there before it's sent over to the data
processor, like Lambda.
Now,
all this data is going to go from the Kinesis Firehose over to
Lambda, and this is happening when it hits that buffer size or the
buffer interval, Now, from there, Lambda is going to take this
data, it's going to go ahead and process it inside of a Lambda
function, and when it's done,
it should then output the data from the initial format to
either an Ok and processed successfully state or potentially a
data Dropped state where we remove the data and we don't pass
it along to the destination.
And, again,
it could also send it to a Failed state, where we then need to take a closer
look at that data and determine what happened that went wrong.
Now, from here,
it would then send that data back over to Kinesis Firehose and the dropped
data itself would disappear before it sends the data that failed along to
an S3 bucket for us to evaluate for why it failed and then sends the data
that was successfully processed potentially along to an Amazon
Elasticsearch destination or whatever other destination that Kinesis
Firehose was configured with.
Now we'll take a look at a lot of different examples and
possibilities for all the different ways you can use Firehose
and different destinations in a little bit.
But for right now,
let's take a closer look at some of the producers we can use with Kinesis Data Firehose.